Create filters that filter concerts by (genre, country, city, date, age to attend, band, top sellers, price, venue, disability acessible, concerts that have deals) on the website

Create a filter that displays concerts that are being played locally

Create a search box to find concerts by keywords in a title, or a band name.

Create a pop up box that displays the price of the seat when hovering over it.

Create a color code, one color for seats that are vacant, and one color for seats that are taken (preferably grayed out and unclickable)

During seat selection, allow the user to select multiple seats at the same time, so they can purchase multiple tickets at the same time

Create an icon of sorts, that is displayed next to the concert or venue, if it is accessible for disabled people (a note on the side can also be okay)

After finalising the purchase, in addition to sending a copy of the receipt by email and a QR code, allow the user to download the receipt and ticket locally.

Create a button in the concerts page for the "deals" that displays the concerts that has deals on its tickets

Create an icon "DISCOUNT or SALE or PERCENTAGE of Discount" that is displayed next to concerts that have a discount on their tickets

Create distributed security architecture "Store half of the client's information on one database and another half on another database, for extra security"

Create a functionality that allows the artist or the artist's manager to see how many tickets have been sold for their concerts


Create functionality to create concerts (creating a database for concerts and venues).

Create functionality to sell tickets for concerts


Create functionality to keep track of the number of seats sold by the system per venue and per concert


As an event planner, I would like the concerts that I manage on BeatSeeker be seen when filtering by date, genre, country, Age to Attend and band, so that the concert gets more exposure.

As a client, I would like to be able to see a price of a seat by hovering over it so that I don't have to go to the 'payments' page and read the price there.

As a client, I would like to be able to see which seats are taken and which seats are vacant so that I don't have to read a lot of error messages like 'This seat is already taken, choose a different one'.

As an admin, I want to be able to directly manage a concert page for an artist, so that I won't need to call a ticket agent to make the changes for me.

As a customer, I would like to be able to create an account so that I can save my payment information

As a customer, I would like to be able to see the most popular concerts on the main page, so that I know which one to buy tickets for

As an artist I want to be able to see how many tickets have been sold.

As an admin, I want to be able to see the amount of tickets a concert sold that I am managing, so that I know how well the concert is doing

As a customer, I would like my credit cards and personal information to be secure, so that my credit card does not get stolen.

As a customer, I would like to be able to find concerts that have deals on their tickets, so that I could save money buy purchasing the deals.

As a customer, I want to be able to see information about the venue so that I can see if it is accessible for disabled people.

As a client, I would like to be able to select multiple seats for a single transaction so that I don't have to repeat the whole process of buying a ticket from the very beginning multiple times.

As an event planner, I would like the concerts that are locally playing be displayed somehow on the website, so that the concerts that I manage are found easier, locally.

As a client, I would like to be able to search concerts by keywords in a title so that I don't have to search it myself using a lot of filters (genre, city, arena, etc).

As an admin, I want to be able to see a list of all the concerts I am managing, so that I don't have to search for the specific concert if I want to make changes.

As an event planner, I would like there to be a timeout of 10 minutes when the user is purchasing tickets, so that ticket scalpers are prevented

As a customer, I would like to be able to log in so that I can see my purchase history

As an event planner, I would like to be able to sell tickets for the concerts of bands and artists on BeatSeeker.

As a customer, I would like to view the venue layout on the tickets purchasing page, so that I choose the seat I think I will like the most

As a customer, I would like there to be a different theme for the website, so that I choose the theme that fits me best

As a customer, I would like there to be a select a genre option in the concerts page, so that I can view the concerts whose genre is my favorite

As an event planner, I would like there to be a timeout of 10 minutes when the user is purchasing tickets, so that ticket scalpers are prevented

As a customer, I would like to be able to log in so that I can see my purchase history

As a customer, I want to be able to download the PDF version of the tickets and receipt after checkout, so that I can have a copy on my local device as well as a copy in my email.




