Jack is a 22 year old university student, who is studying in University of Toronto, Canada. He was born in Scarborough, Ontario. His father is a teacher and his mother is a housewife. He is currently perusing a software engineering degree.

Jack likes to go to concert at least once a month. He always goes with his friends. Since tickets sell out fast he buys for his friends tickets as well and his friends pay him back later. He is very proficient with technology. recently, he missed a few concerts he was really looking forward to because Ticketmaster website crashed after the concerts were announced. He was very surprised to see a website owned by such a big company, not being able to handle the traffic. Moreover, he noticed that Ticketmaster only sells tickets for popular artists only. After facing the following issues, he is now looking at alternative ticket selling platforms.






Jack has recently discovered an up and coming artist named Joji in Spotify. He really liked his music and checked his social media if the artist has an upcoming concert. He saw that the artist was going on a tour, and he had a show in Danforth Music Hall in Toronto.


Jack quickly went to the BeatSeeker website to see if tickets were on sale. He searched the artist name on the search tab. He saw a list of shows by the artist that have tickets available for them. He filtered the list by location, and he selected Toronto. He clicked the venue in Toronto from the list. A new web page opened with the venue and seats. Jack's sister recently had an accident, so he wants to take her with him to cheer her up. So, he needs the venue to be wheelchair accessible. Thankfully on the web page there is information about accessibility of the venue, parking space. After being satisfied with the venue he bought the tickets. After check out he got a pop up asking if he wanted to download a pdf version of the tickets and receipt. He agreed to download it since sometimes, important emails end up in junk mail and its hard to find.  



As a customer, I want to be able to see information about the venue so that I can see if it is accessible for disabled people.
As a customer, I want to be able to download the PDF version of the tickets and receipt after checkout, so that I can have a copy on my local device as well as a copy in my email.

















Rose is a 36 year old independent artist. She was born in 1987 in japan. She immigrated to Canada with her family when she was 18 years old. Both of her parents passed away 7 years ago. She has a masters degree in Medicine.

After being in the medical industry for 8 years, she discovered her passion for music. She quit her job and started recording music on her iPhone. After showing it to one of her friend, she was encouraged to upload her videos to YouTube. Since she is not an expert in technology, her friend helped her upload it to YouTube. In a short time she gained a considerable number of following. She wants to hold a small concert with some local artists in a local bar. She was looking for a way to sell tickets via the popular website Ticketmaster. But she found the website too convoluted. She is looking for an alternative website to sell her concert ticket.




Scenario:
Rose is an independent artist. After receiving tons of support from her fans, she decided to do a live show. 
She wants to sell tickets for her first live show in a local bar. The bar is not very large and since she is going to be sharing it with other local artists the bar owner has given her 30 seats to sell. She first checked out TicketMaster since its the most popular one. After navigating the convoluted website, she finally found a way to sell the ticket. But she was soon disappointed to find that she can not list her show since it does not meet the minimum seat requirement. After hearing from her friend about BeatSeeker, she decided to check out the website. She saw a button on the home page that says [sell tickets/for local artists].

It took her to a form that needed general information about the venue such as location, number of seats, types of seats, date and time of the event, price etc. She filled out her form. In a few minutes she was able to have tickets for her events on the website. After she made a social media post, the tickets sold out quick. She saw the number of tickets go from 30 to 24 to 9 to 0 in a few hours.


User Stories:

As an artist I want to be able to list ticket for sale, so that my fans can buy them.
As an artist I want to be able to see how many tickets have been sold.